Updates re-entrancy advice (#158)
OpenZeppelin/ethernaut: gamedata/descriptions/levels/reentrancy_complete.md

> In order to prevent re-entrancy attacks when moving funds out of your contract, use the [Checks-Effects-Interactions pattern](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/security-considerations.html#use-the-checks-effects-interactions-pattern) being aware that `call` will only return false without interrupting the execution flow. Solutions such as [ReentrancyGuard](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/2.x/api/utils#ReentrancyGuard) also work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to prevent re-entrancy attacks when moving funds out of your contract, use the [Checks-Effects-Interactions pattern](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/security-considerations.html#use-the-checks-effects-interactions-pattern) being aware that `call` will only return false without interrupting the execution flow. Solutions such as [ReentrancyGuard](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/2.x/api/utils#ReentrancyGuard) or [PullPayment](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/2.x/api/payment#PullPayment) can also be used.
```
Suggest adding PullPayment as a solution as per https://forum.openzeppelin.com/t/reentrancy-after-istanbul/1742

> `transfer` and `send` are no longer recommended solutions as they can potentially break contracts after a hard fork [Source 1](https://diligence.consensys.net/blog/2019/09/stop-using-soliditys-transfer-now/) [Source 2](https://forum.openzeppelin.com/t/openzeppelin-upgradeable-contracts-affected-by-istanbul-hardfork/1616).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`transfer` and `send` are no longer recommended solutions as they can potentially break contracts after the Istanbul hard fork [Source 1](https://diligence.consensys.net/blog/2019/09/stop-using-soliditys-transfer-now/) [Source 2](https://forum.openzeppelin.com/t/reentrancy-after-istanbul/1742).
```
Suggest naming the fork and using the article on Reentrancy after Istanbul.
